updates unordered writes config docs (#4131)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/ordering.md

Enabling out of order writes involves two configuration options in Loki:

> - `ingester.unordered-writes` must be enabled (This is also configurable per tenants as part of the [`limits_config`](../configuration#limits_config))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ingester.unordered-writes` must be enabled. This is also configurable per tenants as part of [`limits_config`](../configuration#limits_config).
```

- `ingester.max-chunk-age` (default 1h) is used to parameterize _how far back out of order data is accepted_.

> When unordered writes are enabled, Loki will accept older data for each stream as far back as `most_recent_line - (max_chunk_age/2)`. For instance, if `ingester.max-chunk-age=2h` and the stream `{foo="bar"}` has one entry at `8:00`, Loki will accept data for that stream as far back in time as `7:00`. If another log line is wrritten at `10:00`, this boundary changes to `9:00`. Anything farther back than this range will still return an _out of order** error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When unordered writes are enabled, Loki will accept older data for each stream as far back as `most_recent_line - (max_chunk_age/2)`. For instance, if `ingester.max-chunk-age=2h` and the stream `{foo="bar"}` has one entry at `8:00`, Loki will accept data for that stream as far back in time as `7:00`. If another log line is written at `10:00`,  Loki will accept data for that stream as far back in time as `9:00`. Anything farther back will return an out of order error.
```
